lectures/lesson_plans.md, before:

# CS-HU390 Lesson Plans

## Lesson 1 
### Lesson Title: Technical writing (Resumes/Cover letters/ Email)
### Learning Objective
Help students create professional resumes they can use to apply for computer science internships and full-time positions.

### Pre-Class Preperation
#### Instructor
1) Send an email to all students that they should bring 3-4 copies of their current resume to first class.
2) Gather information about upcoming career fairs and companies attending for class announcements.

#### Students
Print and bring copies of their resumes to first class.

### In-Class Activities 
1) Instructor presents a PDF presentation on professional resume and email writing. 
2) Students to pair up with other students sitting to their right side and swap copies of their resumes.  
3) Students take one minute to provide first feedback about resume information, style, and format. 
4) Students to pair up with another students sitting to their left side and swap copies of their resumes. 
5) Now students take time for thorough checks and provide in-depth feedback.

### Wrap Up
1) Instructor collects resumes for feedback.
2) Assign reading material for next class.  
[Read pages 2-37 Cracking the Coding Interview 6th ed]  

### Resources  

[1] https://github.com/BoiseState/CS-HU390/blob/master/workshops/resume-workshop.pdf  

---


## Lesson 2 
### Lesson Title: Technical and Behavioral Interviews
### Learning Objective
### Pre-Class Preperation
#### Instructor
#### Students
### In-Class Activities 
### Wrap Up
* Assign reading material for next class:  
[Read pages 60-81 Cracking the Coding Interview 6th ed] 

### Resources 
---


## Lesson 3 
### Lesson Title: Problem Solving: Data Structures
### Learning Objective
### Pre-Class Preperation
#### Instructor
#### Students
### In-Class Activities 
### Wrap Up
* Assign reading material for next class:  
[Read pages 38-59 Cracking the Coding Interview 6th ed] 

### Resources 
---


## Lesson 4 
### Lesson Title: Problem Solving: Algorithms and Big-O
### Learning Objective
### Pre-Class Preperation
#### Instructor
#### Students
### In-Class Activities 
### Wrap Up
* Assign reading material for next class:  
[Read chapter 8 Cracking the Coding Interview 6th ed] 

### Resources 
---

## Lesson 5 
### Lesson Title: Problem Solving: Recursion and Memoization
### Learning Objective
### Pre-Class Preperation
#### Instructor
#### Students
### In-Class Activities 
### Wrap Up
* Assign reading material for next class:  
[Read chapters 1,2,3 Cracking the Coding Interview 6th ed] 

### Resources 
---

## Lesson 6 
### Lesson Title: Mock Interviews
### Learning Objective
### Pre-Class Preperation
#### Instructor
#### Students
### In-Class Activities 
### Wrap Up
* Assign reading material for next class:  
[Read chapters 10 and 11 Cracking the Coding Interview 6th ed] 

### Resources 
---

## Lesson 7 
### Lesson Title: Mock Interviews
### Learning Objective
### Pre-Class Preperation
#### Instructor
#### Students
### In-Class Activities 
### Wrap Up
* Assign reading material for next class:  
[Read pages 82-86 Cracking the Coding Interview 6th ed] 

### Resources 
---

## Lesson 8 
### Lesson Title: Careers Discussion: Finding a Good Fit and Negotiating [Industry Panel]
### Learning Objective
### Pre-Class Preperation
#### Instructor
#### Students
### In-Class Activities 
### Wrap Up
### Resources 
---

Commit message:

Integrate KSA Category Description document

lectures/lesson_plans.md, after:

# CS-HU390 Lesson Plans

## Lesson 1 
### Lesson Title: Technical writing (Resumes/Cover letters/ Email)
### Learning Objective
Help students create professional resumes they can use to apply for computer science internships and full-time positions.

### Pre-Class Preperation
#### Instructor
1) Send an email to all students that they should bring 3-4 copies of their current resume to first class.
2) Gather information about upcoming career fairs and companies attending for class announcements.
3) Prepare KSA worksheet encouraging students to reflect on how their work, classroom, and life experiences have provided the student with the skills identified in the KSA Category Description document [2]

#### Students
Print and bring copies of their resumes to first class.

### In-Class Activities 
1) Instructor presents a PDF presentation on professional resume and email writing. 
2) Students to pair up with other students sitting to their right side and swap copies of their resumes.  
3) Students take one minute to provide first feedback about resume information, style, and format. 
4) Students to pair up with another students sitting to their left side and swap copies of their resumes. 
5) Now students take time for thorough checks and provide in-depth feedback.

### Wrap Up
1) Hand-out KSA worksheet 
2) Instructor collects resumes for feedback.
3) Assign reading material for next class.  
[Read pages 2-37 Cracking the Coding Interview 6th ed]  

### Resources  

[1] https://github.com/BoiseState/CS-HU390/blob/master/workshops/resume-workshop.pdf  
[2] https://github.com/BoiseState/CS-HU390/blob/master/workshops/KSA%20Category%20Descriptions.pdf  

---


## Lesson 2 
### Lesson Title: Technical and Behavioral Interviews
### Learning Objective
Set expectations about technical and behavioral interviews.

### Pre-Class Preperation
#### Instructor
#### Students
### In-Class Activities 
### Wrap Up
* Assign reading material for next class:  
[Read pages 60-81 Cracking the Coding Interview 6th ed] 

### Resources 
---


## Lesson 3 
### Lesson Title: Problem Solving: Data Structures
### Learning Objective
### Pre-Class Preperation
#### Instructor
#### Students
### In-Class Activities 
### Wrap Up
* Assign reading material for next class:  
[Read pages 38-59 Cracking the Coding Interview 6th ed] 

### Resources 
---


## Lesson 4 
### Lesson Title: Problem Solving: Algorithms and Big-O
### Learning Objective
### Pre-Class Preperation
#### Instructor
#### Students
### In-Class Activities 
### Wrap Up
* Assign reading material for next class:  
[Read chapter 8 Cracking the Coding Interview 6th ed] 

### Resources 
---

## Lesson 5 
### Lesson Title: Problem Solving: Recursion and Memoization
### Learning Objective
### Pre-Class Preperation
#### Instructor
#### Students
### In-Class Activities 
### Wrap Up
* Assign reading material for next class:  
[Read chapters 1,2,3 Cracking the Coding Interview 6th ed] 

### Resources 
---

## Lesson 6 
### Lesson Title: Mock Interviews
### Learning Objective
### Pre-Class Preperation
#### Instructor
#### Students
### In-Class Activities 
### Wrap Up
* Assign reading material for next class:  
[Read chapters 10 and 11 Cracking the Coding Interview 6th ed] 

### Resources 
---

## Lesson 7 
### Lesson Title: Mock Interviews
### Learning Objective
### Pre-Class Preperation
#### Instructor
#### Students
### In-Class Activities 
### Wrap Up
* Assign reading material for next class:  
[Read pages 82-86 Cracking the Coding Interview 6th ed] 

### Resources 
---

## Lesson 8 
### Lesson Title: Careers Discussion: Finding a Good Fit and Negotiating [Industry Panel]
### Learning Objective
### Pre-Class Preperation
#### Instructor
#### Students
### In-Class Activities 
### Wrap Up
### Resources 
---
